# Complete The Quest


## Prerequisites
Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:
- Java JDK 17 or higher installed
- Gradle (if you prefer not to use the included Gradle wrapper)
- **ChatGPT API Key**: This project uses agents that depend on the ChatGPT API. An API key from OpenAI is required to access this functionality.

## Getting Started

### Building the Project
To build the project, follow these steps:

1. Open your terminal.
2. Navigate to the root directory of the project.
3. Run the following command to assemble the project using the Gradle wrapper included in the project:

    ```
    ./gradlew assemble
    ```

    If you are on Windows, use:

    ```
    gradlew.bat assemble
    ```

This command compiles the source code, and packages the project into a JAR file.

### Running the Project
After building the project, you need to move the JAR file to the root of the project and run it. Follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the `build/libs` directory where the JAR file is located.
2. Move the JAR file to the root of the project using the following command:

    ```
    cp complete-the-quest-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar ../../
    ```

3. Go back to the root directory of the project.
4. Run the JAR file with the following command:

    ```
    java -jar complete-the-quest-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
    ```


Your application should now be running. You can access it on ```localhost:8080```.

## Important Information about the daily_quest.json File

As part of our commitment to delivering engaging and interactive content, our application utilizes a unique feature called the "Daily Quiz." The questions and answers for this quiz are dynamically generated by our advanced AI agents, which rely on the OpenAI's ChatGPT API to ensure you receive fresh and relevant content every day.

The output of these agents is captured and stored in a file named daily_quest.json, located within our application's directory. This file is crucial as it contains the question and answer pair that will be featured in our Daily Quiz.

